New Chat GPT update destroys Notebook
LM. Chat GPT just dropped something that
nobody saw coming and I think it might
actually kill Notebook LM. This new
update turns Chat GPT into a full
interactive science lab. You drag a
slider, the graph moves, the math makes
sense. And the craziest part, it works
for over 70 topics. Let me show you
exactly how it works. So right now 140
million people use chat GPT every single
week for math and science. That is not a
small number. That is basically the
entire population of Russia. All asking
chat GPT to help them learn stuff. And
up until now chat GPT would just give
you text, a wall of words, maybe a
formula, maybe a step-by-step breakdown.
But let's be real, reading about Ohm's
law is like reading about how to ride a
bike. You don't actually get it until
you do it. And that's exactly what this
update fixes. OpenAI just made it so
when you ask chat GPT about math or
science, it doesn't just explain it. It
builds you a visual, an interactive one
with sliders, with graphs that move,
with animations that change in real time
as you mess with the variables. So if
you ask about Ohm's law, you get a
voltage slider, a resistance slider, and
a graph that updates the second you
touch anything. You literally watch the
current drop when you crank up
resistance. That is insane. And here's
where it gets even better. This is not
just for one topic. We're talking over
70 concepts. Linear equations,
exponential decay, kinetic energy,
culum's law, Hook's law, the ideal gas
law, even compound interest. So whether
you're a student trying to pass physics
or you're an entrepreneur trying to
understand how growth curves work, this
thing has you covered and it's available
to everyone. Free users, everyone. Hey,
if we haven't met already, I'm the
digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of
Goldie Agency. Whilst he's helping
clients get more leads and customers,
I'm here to help you get the latest AI
updates. Julian Goldie reads every
comment. So, make sure you comment
below. Now, let me show you why this is
such a big deal. Think about how you
learned math in school. You had a
textbook, static diagrams, a teacher at
the front drawing on a whiteboard, maybe
you watched a YouTube video, but all of
that is passive. You're just sitting
there absorbing. You're not doing
anything. And science has shown over and
over that people learn way better when
they interact with the material, when
they can poke at it, change things, see
what happens. That's what this update
does. It turns chat GPT into something
like a Desmos graph on steroids, but way
more powerful because it covers physics,
chemistry, and math all in one place.
And you don't need to download anything.
You don't need to sign up for some new
app. You just type a prompt into chat
GPT and boom, interactive visual right
there. Let me walk you through a couple
of demos so you can see what I mean.
First one, ohms law. You type in explain
Ohm's law with a visual example. Chat
GPT gives you the formula V= I * R. But
then it gives you sliders. You drag the
voltage up, the current goes up. You
drag resistance up, the current drops.
You can literally see the relationship
happening in front of your eyes. No more
memorizing formulas. You just get it.
Second demo. Compound interest. This one
is my favorite. You ask chat GPT to show
you an interactive graph of compound
interest. It gives you a time slider.
You drag it forward and you watch this
curve go from flat to absolutely
vertical. You can see exactly why
starting early matters so much. It makes
the concept click in about 3 seconds.
What used to take an entire lecture now
takes one slider drag. Third demo. The
ideal gas law. You get pressure, volume,
and temperature all connected. Change
one and watch the others react. It's
like having a chemistry lab on your
laptop, except you don't need goggles
and nothing explodes. Now, here's where
the Notebook LM conversation comes in.
And I want you to stay with me on this
because this matters. Notebook LM by
Google is a great tool. I'm not going to
trash it. It's solid for research. It
summarizes documents. It gives you audio
overviews. It helps you analyze papers
and PDFs. If you need to understand a
bunch of documents fast, Notebook LM is
your friend. But here's the thing.
Notebook LM is a research assistant that
helps you read and understand stuff that
already exists. Chat GPT with this new
update is becoming something different.
It's becoming a tutor, an interactive
one, one that doesn't just tell you the
answer. It lets you play with the
answer. It lets you experiment. It lets
you break things and rebuild them and
actually understand why they work. Now,
if you want to take AI tools like Chat
GPT and actually use them to scale your
business, automate your workflows, and
get more customers, you need to check
out the AI profit boardroom. It's the
best place to learn how to use tools
like Chat GPT's new interactive features
to save hundreds of hours and grow
faster. Link is in the description and
comments below. So, back to the
comparison. Think of it this way.
Notebook LM is like having a really
smart librarian. They know where
everything is. They can summarize any
book in the library. They can point you
to exactly what you need. But Chat GBT
is now becoming the teacher, the one who
pulls out a model of the solar system
and lets you spin the planets around.
Both are useful, but they do very
different things. And here's what I
think is going to happen next. This is
just the beginning. Right now, it's 70
concepts, but OpenAI is clearly building
towards something much bigger. Imagine
full physics simulations, chemistry
reactions you can watch happen molecule
by molecule, biology visualizations
where you can zoom into a cell and see
how DNA replicates. AI teachers that
adapt to exactly how you learn. We're
heading there fast. And this builds on
something OpenAI already launched called
study mode. Study mode guides you
through problems step by step using
questions instead of just giving you the
answer. It's like having a tutor who
asks you the right questions until you
figure it out yourself. Now, combine
that with these interactive visuals and
you've got something that no textbook,
no video, and honestly, no human tutor
can compete with at scale. Let me give
you one more thing to think about. The
old way of learning looks like this. You
read a textbook,
static diagrams,
you watch a video, passive learning, you
use a calculator,
no real understanding. The new way looks
like this. You type a question into chat
GPT. You get an interactive visual. You
experiment with variables. You see cause
and effect instantly. You actually
understand the concept. That shift is
massive. And the best part is you don't
need to be a student to use this. If
you're a business owner trying to
understand growth models, use the
compound interest visual. If you're
building something and need to
understand electrical circuits, use the
Ohm's law visual. If you're teaching
your kids science, pull up the ideal gas
law, and let them play with the sliders.
This works for everyone. So, here's what
I want you to do. Go try this right now.
Open chat GPT. Type in explain Ohm's law
with a visual example or show me an
interactive graph of compound interest.
Play with it. See for yourself. and then
come back here and tell me in the
comments what you think. Julian reads
every single comment. So, if you've got
questions, drop them below. Now, if you
want to go deeper with AI tools like
this, if you want to learn how to use
Chat GPT's new interactive features and
dozens of other AI tools to automate
your workflows, scale your business, and
get more customers, join the AI profit
boardroom. This is where we break down
exactly how to use these tools step by
step. Link is in the description and
comments. And if you want the full
process, SOPs, and over a 100 AI use
cases like this one, join the AI success
lab. It's our free AI community, and
it's the best place to stay ahead of
every AI update like this one. You'll
get all the video notes from there.
You'll get breakdowns of every tool I
talk about on this channel. Plus, you
get access to our community of 38,000
members who are already using AI to work
smarter and get better results. People
in there are sharing prompts, workflows,
and real strategies every single day.
links in the comments and description.
Go join right now while it's still free.
Trust me, you don't want to miss what's
coming next in there. All right, thanks
for watching. and hit the like and
subscribe button and I will see you in
the next